Added the basic structure for the package (#3)
ros2/ros2_generate_interface_docs: README.md

# ros2_generate_interface_docs

This package will generate the static HTML documentation for messages, services and actions.

> It will create the documentation for all the available interfaces in your ROS2 workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will create the documentation for all the available interfaces in your ROS 2 workspace.
```
